README.md, before:

 
# FIRST MILESTONE PROJECT: Artrage, Music Producer

This is the official website for the music producer Artrage.
It contains his music, lyrics and other texts, as well as merchandize.
Thus, it meets the thematic requirements for the Milestone Project.
1. The Music page contains four of his albums. Two are available to listen to via Apple Music (Ocean Lips, 2016) and Bandcamp (Blackmilk, 2011). Broken Stars is to be released in 2020, thus the page only provides information about it. Without a Face, 2004, is not available online.
2. The Lyrics section contains the lyrics from two albums and a section entitled Quickies. Those are just short snippets of text.
3. The Merch section contains a selection of official Artrage merchandize available to purchase.
4. About tells the user who this music producer is.
5. Contact allows the user to get in touch with Artrage by filling out a contact form a typing out a message.
6. The footer contains social media links and PayPal donate button.

## UX PROCESS
Use this section to provide insight into your UX process, focusing on who this website is for, what it is that they want to achieve and how your project is the best way to help them achieve these things.
The website is for and about the music producer Artrage.
Its purpose is to:
•	Showcase his albums and tracks to those who are interested in electronic and/or heavy music
•	Showcase his lyrics and quickies
•	Tell the user about him as producer and musician
•	Demonstrate his music portfolio to those wishing to collaborate
•	Provide his contact information for managers, agents and fans alike
•	Invite users to purchase his merchandize while also supporting a noble cause

## USER STORIES 
User story pages, diagrams, sketches and other notes are contained in assets/project-images/milestone-project-images.pdf on GitHub.
1.	Music
As the user opens index.html, the links to four Artrage’s albums appear both in the left menu and in the main page.
The navy-to-burgundy hover is designed to invite the user to click on the link and listen to the album, while also reading about it in the right column.
The music menu link is highlighted in a darker shade of grey. 
The text links with navy font change to burgundy on hover. 
As the user clicks on an album link and the relevant page opens, it is highlighted in the same darker shade of grey as the menu at the top, thus giving the user their exact “location” on the site.
2.	Lyrics
As the user clicks on the lyrics link, the page opens with three separate links: two albums and quickies.
This is also duplicated in the left menu.
The user is compelled to click on one of the links to read the lyrics or the short texts.
3.	Merch
The merchandize page contains nice images of Artrage branded merchandize with “Buy now” buttons that take the user to PayPal.
The left column contains compelling info about the quality of the merchandize as well as the good cause Artrage is supporting with the sales.
The user is given additional reasons to make a purchase.
4.	About
The left column contains snippets of information about Artrage’s music philosophy, while the main section features a few of his photos and more general info about him.
The user is encouraged to read about the man behind the music and the cause.
5.	Contact
The link to the contact page is located in the footer.
The first thing the user sees is the email form in the central column. This is intentional.
The left column contains the description of Artrage’s approach and methods.
The right column contains the option to donate via PayPal.

## FEATURES
Existing Features
1.	The app in general
a.	Sweep-to-bottom feature in the main menu – grey-to-burgundy
b.	General layout and color scheme are the same in all pages for synergy and 
c.	Active section and subsection are highlighted a darker shade of grey
d.	Active links in the left menu are highlighted burgundy
e.	Custom made PayPal donate button changes from grey to burgundy on hover to match the top menu
f.	Ease-in 3 second delay effect is used in the logo image
g.	Ease-in 2 second delay effect is used in the social media icons
h.	All external links open in a new tab
i.	Images’ opacity changes on hover on all pages where images serve as links
j.	Three Google fonts are used:  Bebas Neue in the heading, Montserrat in titles, and Oxygen in other areas

2.	Music
a.	Each album is available to stream from an online service
b.	The players are embedded as iframe
c.	A background image with a music note and the word “Loading” appears in the center column before the iframe loads fully
d.	The user is able to easily navigate from album to album, or listen to each and any track

3.	Lyrics
a.	The user can easily reach any lyrics section of any album and read them
b.	All the color changes on hover make the page look dynamic

4.	Merch
a.	Custom made Buy Now button changes from grey to burgundy on hover to match the top menu
b.	Images change opacity on hover
c.	Each image opens in a new tab for a closer look
d.	Each button opens a PayPal Donate page in a new tab

5.	About
a.	Each image is in a 1px thick border with slightly rounded corners
b.	Small icons are introduced for ease of navigation between the section, which helps on smartphone screens

6.	Contact
c.	All fields are subject to default Bootstrap validation and have to filled out before the message is sent
d.	The user will receive respective prompts and warnings
e.	The actual email account is yet to be connected

7.	Footer
f.	It’s dark navy color matches that of the Artrage logo
g.	The sections are centrally aligned for aesthetic effect
h.	The social and contact links are burgundy and go white on hover, while the Donate button is made to stand out with light grey to burgundy on hover

### Features Left to Implement
1.	PayPal and/or Stripe store checkout as links to PayPal Donate from Buy Now are temporary
2.	The email account to receive message from the Contact Form
3.	A selection of which platform to stream music from, e.g. Apple, Spotify, Soundcloud, etc.
4.	Connect the social networks links to actual Artrage accounts
5.	Test the footer float: bottom feature. Some pages don’t take up the entire screen in large resolution.


## TECHNOLOGIES USED
Bootstrap, css, some advice from stackoverflow and w3 schools.

## TESTING
1.	Each link on the website has been tested, and leads exactly where it is supposed to lead
2.	Social Links at the moment lead to Contact page
3.	All highlighted sections highlight correctly to show the user where on the website they are
4.	All the links supposed to open in a separate tab do so
5.	The website is responsive and looks good on smartphone screens.
6.	The horizontal look on the iPad is better than the vertical.
7.	Utilized background-image feature in the header. Originally used a font for Artrage, and the word Artrage in the logo as well, but it looked too busy. Had to tweak the newly introduced background image to ensure it looked good on all screens.
8.	The star logo disappears from smaller screens, thus the introduction of another background image was a necessary step.
9.	Footer entries would not centrally align without the display: inline function in smartphone and iPad modes.
10.	Code testing was carried out page by page on w3 validator. 
A few minor coding errors had been found in my code. What is left is something inherited from third parties such Apple Music, Soundcloud and Bandcamp, whose players I am using as iframe.
11.	HTML beautification was carried in GitPod.
12.	Contact form:
    Go to the "Contact Us" page
    Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
    Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
    Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.
13. README was tested on dillinger.io and seems to look alright

## DEPLOYMENT
The project was committed and pushed to GitHub via the git status, git add, git commit and git pushed commands in GitPod.

## CREDITS
Two quotes marked as “stolen quotes” originally appear in the albums by Type O Negative.

## CONTENT
All text for the website was written by Artrage.

## MEDIA
All music, photos, logos and artwork are by Art Balenok, registered with IMRO as Artrage.
The blank merchandise images were sourced as no-license-to-use. 
The logos and artwork used on them are by Art Balenok.
All photographs were taken by Art Balenok, all album covers were created in Photoshop by Art Balenok. 
The image in “Without A Face” is by Sergei Balenok, who gave Art Balenok his express permission to use it.
All music is copyrighted by Artrage.

## ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Matt Rudge, a Code Institute lecturer, demonstrated a number features I used in this project. 
I did tweak them a bit though.
In particular, those are:
1. Sweep-to-bottom features in the top menu
2. Ease-in-out in the header logo
3. Ease-in-out in the social links in the footer

Jonathan Munz, who acted as a mentor on this project and provided valuable advice.

Commit message:

added favicon, updated README, cleaned up images folder

README.md, after:

 
# FIRST MILESTONE PROJECT: Artrage, Music Producer

This is the official website for the music producer Artrage.
It contains his music, lyrics and other texts, as well as merchandize.
Thus, it meets the thematic requirements for the Milestone Project.
1. The Music page contains four of his albums. Two are available to listen to via Apple Music (Ocean Lips, 2016) and Bandcamp (Blackmilk, 2011). Broken Stars is to be released in 2020, thus the page only provides information about it. Without a Face, 2004, is not available online.
2. The Lyrics section contains the lyrics from two albums and a section entitled Quickies. Those are just short snippets of text.
3. The Merch section contains a selection of official Artrage merchandize available to purchase.
4. About tells the user who this music producer is.
5. Contact allows the user to get in touch with Artrage by filling out a contact form a typing out a message.
6. The footer contains social media links and PayPal donate button.

## UX PROCESS
Use this section to provide insight into your UX process, focusing on who this website is for, what it is that they want to achieve and how your project is the best way to help them achieve these things.
The website is for and about the music producer Artrage.
Its purpose is to:
•	Showcase his albums and tracks to those who are interested in electronic and/or heavy music
•	Showcase his lyrics and quickies
•	Tell the user about him as producer and musician
•	Demonstrate his music portfolio to those wishing to collaborate
•	Provide his contact information for managers, agents and fans alike
•	Invite users to purchase his merchandize while also supporting a noble cause

## USER STORIES 
User story pages, diagrams, sketches and other notes are contained in assets/project-images/milestone-project-images.pdf on GitHub.
1.	Music
As the user opens index.html, the links to four Artrage’s albums appear both in the left menu and in the main page.
The navy-to-burgundy hover is designed to invite the user to click on the link and listen to the album, while also reading about it in the right column.
The music menu link is highlighted in a darker shade of grey. 
The text links with navy font change to burgundy on hover. 
As the user clicks on an album link and the relevant page opens, it is highlighted in the same darker shade of grey as the menu at the top, thus giving the user their exact “location” on the site.
2.	Lyrics
As the user clicks on the lyrics link, the page opens with three separate links: two albums and quickies.
This is also duplicated in the left menu.
The user is compelled to click on one of the links to read the lyrics or the short texts.
3.	Merch
The merchandize page contains nice images of Artrage branded merchandize with “Buy now” buttons that take the user to PayPal.
The left column contains compelling info about the quality of the merchandize as well as the good cause Artrage is supporting with the sales.
The user is given additional reasons to make a purchase.
4.	About
The left column contains snippets of information about Artrage’s music philosophy, while the main section features a few of his photos and more general info about him.
The user is encouraged to read about the man behind the music and the cause.
5.	Contact
The link to the contact page is located in the footer.
The first thing the user sees is the email form in the central column. This is intentional.
The left column contains the description of Artrage’s approach and methods.
The right column contains the option to donate via PayPal.

## FEATURES
Existing Features
1.	The app in general
a.	Sweep-to-bottom feature in the main menu – grey-to-burgundy
b.	General layout and color scheme are the same in all pages for synergy and 
c.	Active section and subsection are highlighted a darker shade of grey
d.	Active links in the left menu are highlighted burgundy
e.	Custom made PayPal donate button changes from grey to burgundy on hover to match the top menu
f.	Ease-in 3 second delay effect is used in the logo image
g.	Ease-in 2 second delay effect is used in the social media icons
h.	All external links open in a new tab
i.	Images’ opacity changes on hover on all pages where images serve as links
j.	Three Google fonts are used:  Bebas Neue in the heading, Montserrat in titles, and Oxygen in other areas
k.  Unique favicon is used

2.	Music
a.	Each album is available to stream from an online service
b.	The players are embedded as iframe
c.	A background image with a music note and the word “Loading” appears in the center column before the iframe loads fully
d.	The user is able to easily navigate from album to album, or listen to each and any track

3.	Lyrics
a.	The user can easily reach any lyrics section of any album and read them
b.	All the color changes on hover make the page look dynamic

4.	Merch
a.	Custom made Buy Now button changes from grey to burgundy on hover to match the top menu
b.	Images change opacity on hover
c.	Each image opens in a new tab for a closer look
d.	Each button opens a PayPal Donate page in a new tab

5.	About
a.	Each image is in a 1px thick border with slightly rounded corners
b.	Small icons are introduced for ease of navigation between the section, which helps on smartphone screens

6.	Contact
c.	All fields are subject to default Bootstrap validation and have to filled out before the message is sent
d.	The user will receive respective prompts and warnings
e.	The actual email account is yet to be connected

7.	Footer
f.	It’s dark navy color matches that of the Artrage logo
g.	The sections are centrally aligned for aesthetic effect
h.	The social and contact links are burgundy and go white on hover, while the Donate button is made to stand out with light grey to burgundy on hover

### Features Left to Implement
1.	PayPal and/or Stripe store checkout as links to PayPal Donate from Buy Now are temporary
2.	The email account to receive message from the Contact Form
3.	A selection of which platform to stream music from, e.g. Apple, Spotify, Soundcloud, etc.
4.	Connect the social networks links to actual Artrage accounts
5.	Test the footer float: bottom feature. Some pages don’t take up the entire screen in large resolution.


## TECHNOLOGIES USED
Bootstrap, css, some advice from stackoverflow and w3 schools.

## TESTING
1.	Each link on the website has been tested, and leads exactly where it is supposed to lead
2.	Social Links at the moment lead to Contact page
3.	All highlighted sections highlight correctly to show the user where on the website they are
4.	All the links supposed to open in a separate tab do so
5.	The website is responsive and looks good on smartphone screens.
6.	The horizontal look on the iPad is better than the vertical.
7.	Utilized background-image feature in the header. Originally used a font for Artrage, and the word Artrage in the logo as well, but it looked too busy. Had to tweak the newly introduced background image to ensure it looked good on all screens.
8.	The star logo disappears from smaller screens, thus the introduction of another background image was a necessary step.
9.	Footer entries would not centrally align without the display: inline function in smartphone and iPad modes.
10.	Code testing was carried out page by page on w3 validator. 
A few minor coding errors had been found in my code. What is left is something inherited from third parties such Apple Music, Soundcloud and Bandcamp, whose players I am using as iframe.
11.	HTML beautification was carried in GitPod.
12.	Contact form:
    Go to the "Contact Us" page
    Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
    Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
    Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears
13. README was tested on dillinger.io and seems to look readable and in line with the convention

## DEPLOYMENT
The project was committed and pushed to GitHub via the git status, git add, git commit and git pushed commands in GitPod.

## CREDITS
Two quotes marked as “stolen quotes” originally appear in the albums by Type O Negative.

## CONTENT
All text for the website was written by Artrage.

## MEDIA
All music is created by Art Balenok, registered with IMRO as Artrage.
All photos, favicon, logos and artwork are by Art Balenok.
The blank merchandise images were sourced as no-license-to-use. 
The logos and artwork used on them are by Art Balenok.
All photographs were taken by Art Balenok, all album covers were created in Photoshop by Art Balenok. 
The image in “Without A Face” is by Sergei Balenok, who gave Art Balenok his express permission to use it.
All music is copyrighted by Artrage.

## ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Matt Rudge, a Code Institute lecturer, demonstrated a number features I used in this project. 
I did tweak them a bit though.
In particular, those are:
1. Sweep-to-bottom features in the top menu
2. Ease-in-out in the header logo
3. Ease-in-out in the social links in the footer

Jonathan Munz, who acted as a mentor on this project and provided valuable advice.
